>> Mike North: Here is your exercise.
So, has anyone tried adding
something to the cart?
I know you did.
You tried adding something to the cart and
it turns out there's a bug,
where you're getting like,
can I call map of undefined, or something?
It's, our server side is complaining.
It's trying to do something and
it can't do it.
So I just through my intuition and
the fact that I set this bug up for
you personally, tells me there might
be some misalignment between the way
the client is providing like data and
the server is receiving data.
Like maybe the server expects something,
and
the client is giving it something else.
So I want us to use this
multi-process debugging feature,
to basically set break points where
the client is just about to send the data,
so he can take a look at it.
And then set a break point on the server
side where the server has just received
the data.
And then that 'll help us understand
like what's going on, in a way that we
can sort of just step straight from
client, let the network request go out and
then pick up debugging on the server
side in our other process.
So you have both running at the same time,
break points in both.
Where you want to set the break point for
the client side,
it's right in the save cart function.
I'm saving you the trouble of
tracking through the react code and
finding ultimately that the fetch
is sent from this file here.
So oops, I appear to have a broken link.
Client data cart store.
You'll just have to, I'll fix it, but
cart-store and save cart.
>> Mike North: So
it's this function right here.
So this is probably
an interesting area to look.
On the server side, see if this works.
Yes, that works.
So, this is in the cart route,
under the put items handler.
So that would be here,
at least for now, it's line 49.
I reserve the right to rebase, fixes in
and to keep this code base up to date, but
it's this thing here.
So you'll probably wanna set some break
points somewhere around this area
before the data start getting chewed
on just so you can take a look.
Here we're finally getting to deal with a
complicated type of new language feature,
it's called an async function.
It is a generator function, sorry it is
a function that returns a promise and
you can pause execution in the middle
of this function, which is pretty cool.
This is a really new idea and
I'm showing this to you because you'll
have no more difficulty walking
through this advanced thing,
than you would just stepping
through a regular function.
You'll see the call stacks stitched
together exactly as you'd want to see
them, and
it should be a pretty seamless experience.
The reason is TypeScript has had
a sync and a weight around for
a very long time compared to how long
they've been around in JavaScript.
So they had it for a while, and that has
in some way has informed the JavaScript's
standards body, as to how it should
work and how it should be implemented.
So you'll set those two breakpoints and
you'll use the above guidelines to create,
attach and launch configurations.
You don't have to worry about this,
it's been done for you.
Find and fix the problem and the idea
is you should be able to seamlessly
transition between server and client.
Because it's one set of break points,
two processes, and
you can toggle between them easily.